Check append (#83)
znicholls/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#83 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/83>`_) Ensured that all results of crunching can be appended to the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#83 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/83>`_) Add test that all results of crunching can be appended to the input.
```

Author: similar commit added
